URL not working (#594)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/process-engine/process-diagram-api.md

});
```

> Alternatively, you can use the  [bpmn-viewer widget](http://camunda.github.io/camunda-commons-ui/cam-widget-bpmn-viewer.html) from the Camunda commons UI.

Reviewer: Nice catch @tiruis! @marstamm, can you confirm that the following is the correct replacement link?

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the  [bpmn-viewer widget](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-webapp/blob/master/camunda-commons-ui/lib/widgets/bpmn-viewer/cam-widget-bpmn-viewer.html) from the Camunda commons UI.
```

Reviewer: I can confirm that this is the correct link now, so I'm committing the suggestion.
